BREAKING CHANGE: make AMISelectorTerms required (#5992)
aws/karpenter-provider-aws: website/content/en/preview/concepts/nodeclasses.md

metadata:
  name: default
spec:

>   # Required, configures the bootstrapping mode

Author: wdyt about being more specific here? 
```suggestion
  # Required, configures the userdata that Karpenter injects into the bootstrapping script
```

Reviewer: Right now it still configures more than just UserData, but also the default BlockDeviceMappings. I could go either way on adding more depth here or just expanding later in the docs.

    - name: my-ami
    - id: ami-123

    # Automatically select the latest EKS optimzed AMI for the given AMI family.

>     # Note: This term is mutually exclusive and may not be specified with other AMI selector terms

Author: Let's be more specific here in the notes as well so people read it about the dangers of enabling this in production. I know it's elsewhere, but we should put it everywhere we can.

## spec.amiSelectorTerms

> AMI Selector Terms are used to select which AMIs Karpenter will use when launching nodes with this `EC2NodeClass`. You can opt-in to the latest EKS optimized AMIs through an `eksOptimzed` term or AMIs can be discovered through ids, ownders, name, and [tags](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/Using_Tags.html).

Author: ```suggestion
AMI Selector Terms are used to select which AMIs Karpenter will use when launching nodes with this `EC2NodeClass`. You can opt-in to the latest EKS optimized AMIs by using the `eksOptimized` term or AMIs can be discovered through ids, owners, name, and [tags](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/Using_Tags.html).
```

If owner is not set for `name`, it defaults to `self,amazon`, preventing Karpenter from inadvertently selecting an AMI that is owned by a different account. Tags don't require an owner as tags can only be discovered by the user who created them.

{{% alert title="Tip" color="secondary" %}}
AMIs may be specified by any AWS tag, including `Name`. Selecting by tag or by name using wildcards (`*`) is supported.
{{% /alert %}}

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
The `eksOptimized` term is mutually exclusive. When an `eksOptimized` term is specified, other requirements may not be added to the term and no other terms may be specified. The following examples would be invalid:

```yaml
  amiSelectorTerms:
    - eksOptimzed:
        family: AL2023
      # Can not specify other fields with eksOptimzed
      tags:
        karpenter.sh/discover: "${CLUSTER_NAME}"
        environment: test
```

```yaml
  amiSelectorTerms:
    - eksOptimzed:
      family: AL2023
    # Can not specify other terms with eksOptimzed

>     - id: ami-123

Reviewer: Discussed offline, agreed to tentatively keep this validation on the CRD / webhook level but to not make this assumption in code. Even though we can allow this from a technical standpoint, the latest AMI from any given term would be used as normal, since we know that users are not in control of the release cycle of EKS optimized AMIs mixing this term with others could result in unexpected drift. We can change this in the future if good use-case arguments are made, but for now we'll choose to block a potential footgun. 

The reason we're just doing this on the validation side and not treating this as an assumed invariant in code is there are users who will be able to circumvent this validation. The main case I'm considering is users on 1.23 and 1.24 (no CEL) who haven't deployed the validation webhook, but we can also consider users who edited their CRD. In both of these cases, I believe amiSelectorTerms should work consistently with it's definition, amis resolved from different terms being ored together and the latest compatible AMI being chosen.

>     - id: ami-123

Reviewer 2: > The reason we're just doing this on the validation side and not treating this as an assumed invariant in code is there are users who will be able to circumvent this validation

IMO, we should assume all of the validations happen and continue to assume these invariants in code. Yes, it's technically possible that users disable webhooks and are on an early version of K8s, but we shouldn't build our code around these users. It creates too much sprawl; if we are doing something that assumes this isn't the case in code, I'd argue that we should make changes to ensure our code is simpler by assuming this invariant (a good example of us doing this in other ways is assuming that the NodeClassReference is always set)

>     - id: ami-123

Reviewer: I'd agree but I don't think there's any impact on code complexity whether we consider the invariant or not. The difference is returning one of two slices or appending them together. Since there's no downside from a code complexity / maintainability perspective I think it's really just a question of what is the better UX for users that circumvent the CRD validation, whether that's intentionally or not. IMO it makes more sense to stay consistent with the defined semantics for `amiSelectorTerms` than only include the `eksOptimized` term or all other terms ored together.

## status.amis

[`status.amis`]({{< ref "#statusamis" >}}) contains the resolved `id`, `name`, and `requirements` of the AMIs selected by the [`spec.amiSelectorTerms`]({{< ref "#specamiselectorterms" >}}).

When discovering AMIs via id, owner, tags, and/or name, Karpenter will only discover a `kubernetes.io/arch` requirement.

```yaml
spec:
  amiSelectorTerms:
    - tags:
        karpenter.sh/discovery: "${CLUSTER_NAME}"
status:
  amis:
  - id: ami-01234567890123456
    name: custom-ami-amd64
    requirements:
    - key: kubernetes.io/arch
      operator: In
      values:
      - amd64
  - id: ami-01234567890123456
    name: custom-ami-arm64
    requirements:
    - key: kubernetes.io/arch
      operator: In
      values:
      - arm64
```

> However, specifying an `eksOptimized` term may allow Karpenter to discover more requirements.

Reviewer 2: May allow? Seems like it does allow.

Reviewer: It depends on the AMI family, which is why I opted for "may allow". For example, AL2023 only discovers architecture which we would be able to discover using other AMI selector terms.

Reviewer 2: Well, Karpenter is always allowed to discover more requirements. It just doesn't if they don't exist. I'm arguing semantics, but I'd generally avoid words like "may" since it make things less clear to people. It leads to the question, "Does it or doesn't it?"

Reviewer: Good point, I'll see what I can come up with to reword. Basically just want to make sure it's clear that not all `eksOptimized` families will be able to discover GPU AMIs and such.
